=pod

=begin html

<link rel="stylesheet" href="../podstyle.css" type="text/css" />

=end html


=head1 NAME

BornAgain - simulate and fit small-angle scattering at grazing incidence.


=head1 SYNOPSIS

B<bornagain>


=head1 DESCRIPTION

BornAgain is a free and open-source software package to simulate and fit small-angle scattering at grazing incidence. It supports analysis of both X-ray (GISAXS) and neutron (GISANS) data.  Its name, BornAgain, indicates the central role of the distorted wave Born approximation  in the physical description of the scattering process.  The software provides a generic framework for modeling multilayer samples with smooth or rough interfaces and with various types of embedded nanoparticles.

The command B<bornagain> launches a graphical user interface
that allows to create sample models and to run simulations.

For more information, see the User Manual, available as a PDF file at http://apps.jcns.fz-juelich.de/src/BornAgain/.

=head1 RESOURCES

Project web site: http://bornagainproject.org

Download directory: http://apps.jcns.fz-juelich.de/src/BornAgain/

=head1 BUGS

Send bug reports to contact@bornagainproject.org,
or fill the form at http://www.bornagainproject.org/contact.

=head1 AUTHORS

Celine Durniak, Marina Ganeva, Gennady Pospelov,
Walter Van Herck, Joachim Wuttke


=head1 COPYING

Copyright (C) 2013- Forschungszentrum Juelich GmbH.

Free use of this software is granted under the terms of the
GNU General Public License (GPL), version 3 or higher.
